Its my second week of school and so far it has been decent other than the downside of having to wake up way earlier in the mornings to be on time for STEAM. However if i were to be up early getting ready also takes quite a bit of time and somehow i always manage to just barely miss the shuttle to STEAM and then the shuttles are never spaced out properly, instead they're placed in a way with 2 really close each while the last one is on the other side of the route. At this point i might just consider taking a regular bus to the STEAM center since itll most likely be faster than missing the shuttle and having to wait for another or walk to school like i did today.

Over the summers before school started was a little better though since i had a nice time being at home all day as well as working from home since i had remote work and no reason to go out at all. The only fun times i had over the summer was going bowling with my friends was deviated from the original plan of going to a water park but it was fine since i saved money. The bowling game was fun since i started getting the hang of it and striking way more often and it was a decent experience other than my fingers becoming sore. The heat during the summer was intense and way worse than it was last year, i can remember sweating just by being outside for a couple minutes.

During my first two weeks of school it was relatively simple so far since the first two days passed really really fast and the week after that passed sort of fast but not as fast because of the work present and the lessons. Other than that everythings been fine other than the fact we arent learning python yet. The new post secondary learning course this year is ok since it wasnt as interesting as i thought it out to be but the work is simple so far. I still got work to finish for my other classes which i have to rush to finish today and tomorrow and then print it out. Senior year hasnt been as laid back as i thought it would be but that's just because of college classes.